hi guys so today I'm going to be showing
you my bathroom which is kind of weird
but what was interesting to do so yeah I
have a lady got a calendar on the door
when we come here oh I should have
cleaned here whatever shower
yeah polish near you fragrance then all
this stuff so first I'll just start here
I guess I don't really like the lighting
see ya now it's like super bright but I
just cleaned this by the way it doesn't
normally look like this cuz I've been
like bawling I've been telling my sister
to clean the counter space for like a
month that she never did it and like I
cleaned the bathroom in the floor my
sister Queen other sister clean the
shower so it's like do you park whatever
um so we have brushes and brush its own
this is from first me when I don't know
where is this from suave hair detangler
in this paul mitchell way I love the SWA
ones they just came out with a new scent
and it's freaking delicious then I least
two cleansers I found in the drawers of
our bathroom and I put them out as my
sister can use them it's like I skin and
clean and clear then right here I have a
bowl filled all of our wall flowers I
love these I just changed ours to
caribbean salsa delicious um and then I
my clarisonic I put it on this rag
because whenever you use it the water
leg goes down into there and gets all
throws then I'm here I have this sleep
thing not any marks and take it out it's
kind of stupid um but yeah then right
here sweet pea back my wrist fragrance
almost I don't actually then have my
cupcake plates I used to have it
carrying stuff but got dirty and you can
see it so I put it on one of
easily things then you have this rose
pot pourri cuz the thing i would have a
potpourri however say that I don't know
it's not finally fragrance though man
just keep it in their costumes so my
sister's mascara she left in here and
that we're going to make a play surfside
down because they were left open by
sister toothpaste then I'm sponges in
the same because I was cleaning like I
said my sister's facial cleanser bath
and body works peach bellini soap bye
bye blemish q-tips crappy soap that
nobody uses do a pore strips then we
have like my stuff I just moved it used
to be right here but now it's here so
first back here I belong hand sanitizers
um baby soap for my brushes and then
these lotion ones then a regular use
vintage a job mm-hmm then a my face
stuff I just found this so I put it back
here and i have my acne stuff and
moisturize are in I jail and some pills
for acne in my toothbrush oh by the way
this is really dirty about it's my
sister's faults their toothbrush holders
okay this is like our perfume Harriet's
mainly my perfumes and body sprays and
then that's our lotions I probably do it
separate like fragrance collection
eventually so this is like ones that
don't have the tops I'm going to drop a
bottle because I mixed my own little
sent before excess bored that's what the
lotions all kinds of stuff then in here
um q-tips like cotton pads deodorants
feminine pill nidal stuff these are like
unused nail products
put new stuff they all art stuff in my
files and cut nail clippers and these
are like hotel stuff this this is all of
our hair stuff this are extra brushes
like a hot comb from these GG raise then
bobby pins and all the clips and those
this crazy sleek it's kind of a serum
thing these are those little mini
molasses is like a treatment extra
vicious hotel stuff then just everything
I have a really extreme stuff curling
stuff hair braids whatever my sisters I
skin I used to be my major brush hair
straightener that's my sisters and these
are the true things this one we have
feminine products hair dryer my hair
straightener and clarisonic brushes oh
my back then in here I didn't clean this
room we have these shampoos there for my
sister an extra detangler and then hand
soaps I have like one two three four
five six seven left go through them in
about a month or two so let you bad
sitting on for now yeah this
then like like a libero Doh extra so
like those crappy ones I don't know why
some like colored hair sprays and then
are like Turbie twist your back there
but those things are so stupid of me
dancing in one of my vlog channel then
here's kind of empty these are like
travel makeup bags leaves you like my
sister's toiletry bags and stuff a
smooth away this five-minute white
anything I used before just once twice
or something and these are like this is
my sister's lotion and this is um foot
cream stuff that's all of that get up
off my booty what limes fell this is
like a high school musical wig organizer
over the door thing but we put it on our
cattle rack and it has all of our makeup
removing wipes this is our shower it's
not really clean certain relics my
sister put her huge garni things in it
like weight it down so now it's like all
crooked and messed up I need to clean
this lots of empty stuff my settings
don't understand 24 the bugs out then
toilets toilet ebert air freshener so
don't make nail polish I have an
organized by color but I can't tell
then nail polish remover etc so I think
that's about it so I'll be like this
it's kind of random but yeah talk to you
later bye